when the water in all the oceans becomes
transparent the world will change
forever in a few years
people will discover thousands of new
sea creatures that were previously
unknown
simultaneously the planet will lose
hundreds of thousands of fish and mammal
species too
the cycle of life on earth will be
interrupted and humanity will face
natural disasters and famine
the beginning will be incredible imagine
you're sailing on an expensive liner
somewhere in the atlantic ocean
suddenly you hear screams all the
shocked passengers come to the edge of
the deck
and watch an incredible picture the ship
seems to be floating high in the sky
under it the water is completely
transparent
you see volcanic sea mountains and coral
reefs of different colors and shades
the bottom is thousands of feet from the
surface so it feels like the ship is
floating high above the ground
only the fish swimming in the sky let us
know that the boat is still on the water
the ocean is about five percent explored
in just a year
this number has increased to 70 percent
humanity uses powerful telescopes to
study space
now when the water is transparent all
the scientists turn their telescopes
toward the sea floor
every day people discover a new kind of
fantastic sea creature
many of them look pretty scary a
colossal octopus
transparent clams ugly toothy fish
sea spiders rainbow jellyfishes
the mariana trench can now be fully
explored
if there is a kraken a megalodon or any
other sea monsters in the world
people will soon know about them
relaxing on the beach is growing more
popular than ever
but swimming in the water is a little
frightening now
imagine you're sailing on a yacht in the
open sea
you decide to jump from the deck into
the water to cool off
you feel dizzy because of the height you
see below you
also you notice a huge squid the size of
a house
in the depths it's unlikely it will swim
to you because it's so far away
but you still get creeped out
when planes fly over the ocean it seems
as if they are twice as high in the sky
skydiving over the water is becoming a
popular sport
the average altitude of a skydive is ten
thousand feet
but if you jump over the ocean you'll
feel like you're falling from a height
of thirty six thousand feet
it's like jumping out of space fishing
has become more profitable because all
fish are visible from the surface boats
from afar
notice a school of fish and catch it
because of this visibility
many fishing companies have become more
competitive
when two ships tried to capture the same
prey a conflict occurs
the water in the ocean is divided into
borders
companies began to buy it as they would
land
fishermen started to hunt unknown
creatures companies built expensive bath
escapes to capture the prey in the
underwater depths
because of this rare species of dolphins
whales
sharks and other sea creatures are on
the verge of extinction
governments in many countries spend
small fortunes to fight poachers
all over the world more and more people
are becoming treasure hunters
if you fly a few miles in a helicopter
over the ocean
you see that the sea floor is scattered
with sunken ships
old pirate ships of the past centuries
modern boats that were considered
missing
hundreds of divers swim to the sea floor
to explore the ships
the treasures found there can be sold
for thousands and millions of dollars
in addition to vessels people find
submerged ancient cities
new chapters of world history are open
to scientists from all over the world
people would finally solve the mystery
of atlantis
and find out why crafts disappear in the
bermuda triangle
the number of shipwrecks in the world
has significantly decreased
even if a boat sinks rescuers quickly
notice it and fly to help
submarines no longer sail almost
anywhere in the world
they served as secret stealth vessels
but now all secrecy has become
transparent
along with the ocean besides the
treasure
people see all the garbage that has been
thrown into the seas
billions of tons of plastic lie before
the eyes of all mankind
all the water is littered with trash of
different colors and different sizes
it's undeniable how marine life suffers
from this
it's impossible to turn a blind eye
people decide to save the ocean
in many countries releasing plastic into
the sea becomes illegal
plastic recycling plants are built in a
lot of cities
all the world's sea ice has become
transparent
trips to the arctic are trending the
valley of ice and cold
now resembles a world of crooked mirrors
some of the ice is so
transparent you can't even see it
because of their transparency
more sunlight pass through the water
level is rising
but it's not a big problem because the
water in the ocean evaporates faster too
these massive vapors condense into huge
thunder clouds
heavy rains pour for weeks and even
months
some cities are flooded many countries
have declared a state of emergency
previously the ice reflected the sun's
rays and sent them back into space
thanks to its white color
now vast chunks of ice some the size of
a country let light through
our planet gets too much ultraviolet
light
because of this the atmosphere is being
destroyed
every year more and more solar radiation
penetrates the earth
this affects crops and increases the
incidence of diseases among all living
beings
and this is just the beginning of the
problems
the ocean contains many microscopic
substances needed for small organisms to
live
such as photoplankton and seaweed they
are food for larger creatures
krill life in antarctica depends on
krill
fish whales and penguins feed on it if
they can't feed on krill
large predators won't feed on regular
fish
the ocean is blue because of the salt
and various small micro-organisms
algae and nutrient mud as soon as the
water became clear
it lost all its nutrients
many fish and marine mammals are
disappearing from our planet
sunlight penetrates to the farthest
depths of the ocean
the sea creatures that live there were
not used to delight
new conditions adversely affect their
lives people discovered so many new
species
but lost almost all of them just as
quickly because of the sun
the water heats up more and the amount
of oxygen decreases
fish are now not only hungry but can't
breathe
there is a worldwide shortage of fish
cities that used to live off fishing are
growing poorer
animals such as gulls bears seas and
many others
can't find food and are on the verge of
extinction
in restaurants fish becomes an expensive
delicacy
people create artificial lakes and breed
fish there
but this is not enough to save the
planet
when the ocean was not transparent the
water evaporated and condensed in the
sky
along with many nutrients rain clouds
formed
and the wind drove them around the world
now jungles and rain forests
feed on lifeless water this affects the
entire animal world
trees and plants in the rainforest stop
growing as they used to
animals become sick more often and
because of prolonged heavy rains
nature is drowning the circle of life is
broken
fortunately this is unlikely to happen
the sea is enriched by the deserts
every year two billion tons of dust
rises into the air
most of this dust comes from the deserts
then
one quarter of this falls to the seas
and oceans
and becomes food for microorganisms
therefore
the dust must disappear for the ocean to
become transparent
but it's not just dust that's the only
source of a nutrient-rich ocean
tropical rains fall in the forest of the
amazon
this water which is also filled with
nutrients evaporates
and condenses into a cloud and pours
into rivers
lakes and oceans worldwide this feeds
algae
plankton and krill feed on the algae and
larger fish eat plankton and krill
this circle of life shouldn't be broken
so
it's essential to keep the oceans and
seas clean